Let's take a look at another critical management service, the Device Defender.
The Device Defender is an IoT security service that allows you
to audit the configuration of your devices,
monitor connected devices to detect abnormal behavior,
and to mitigate security risks.
So what can we do with Device Defender?
Well there's two categories of features to it.
The first is the audit feature,
and the audit feature is going to allow us to run the set of
predefined checks to look for best practices with our IoT things
and other configuration in our AWS account.
There's also the detect feature.
Now this is going to be used to detect anomalies that
we ourselves configure and define.
So let's take a closer look at each of these feature sets.
Now let's start with the audit feature set.
With auditing,
we'll be able to check for a variety of different preconfigured checks,
like things ranging from revoked certificates to overly permissive policies,
or soon-to-be expiring certificates,
or even devices that are reusing certificates to connect,
and things like disabled logging where we might actually want that enabled to
catch potential activity down the line that looks suspicious,
or simply because we want to make sure we're collecting logs.
Now there's other predefined checks that we could automatically run against
our account to make sure we're in line with security best practices and
just general best practices for our IoT things.
Now on the other hand, we have detect.
It's not going give us these preconfigured checks
that align with best practices.
Instead,
we're going to be able to set up our own custom anomalies that we can
define based on things like configuring IP deny or allow lists or
looking at spikes in inbound or outbound traffic.
And we can also take looks at the number of messages or the message size
that is coming in and out of our devices or our account,
as well as things like the number of authorization
failures or unusual port listening activity.
Finally,
we could also look at things like the number of active
connections or connection attempts.
Now these are just some of the metrics that detect provides us so that we can
configure our own anomalies in our account and that is just determined based
on what we think suspicious IP addresses or maybe what we think unusual
message sizes or numbers of messages are.
It's really up to us with detect to go ahead and configure that on our own,
whereas with audit we can pick any of the predefined best
practices to run against our account and let us know if we have any potential issues.